New Pack (#40642)
demisto/content: Packs/RiverbedFlowGateways/README.md

<~XSIAM>

## Overview

> Get informed and accurate insight on full-fidelity NetFlow data. Incorporating flow data into a comprehensive monitoring strategy lets you to make the most of your monitoring investments while optimizing total cost of ownership. Accurate flow collection is necessary if you truly want to understand your network. In today’s distributed network environments, it can be difficult to collect NetFlow data quickly from different devices. Riverbed Flow Gateway collects flow data from your standard routers and switches, etc., as well as Riverbed AppResponse and SteelHead devices so you get end-to-end network insights. The flow data the Riverbed Flow Gateway collects is deduplicated and sent to NetProfiler for enterprise analysis and reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Riverbed Flow Gateway content pack helps you truly understand your network by collecting and centralizing NetFlow data from all your devices.
It gathers flow information from standard routers and switches, along with Riverbed's own AppResponse and SteelHead devices. This gives you a complete, end-to-end view of your network's traffic.
All the collected flow data is deduplicated for accuracy and then sent to NetProfiler for in-depth analysis and reporting. This enables you to get precise insights, optimize your network monitoring investments, and reduce overall costs.
```

## This pack includes

Data normalization capabilities:

* Rules for parsing and modeling of network logs that are ingested via Broker VM on Cortex XSIAM.
* The ingested Riverbed Flow Gateway logs can be queried in XQL Search using the *`riverbed_flow_gateways_raw`* dataset.

> ### Supported Timestamp Format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported timestamp format
```

* The syslog is in **RFC 5424 format**, and the parsing rule supports UTC timezone. For example: *`1985-04-12T23:20:50.52Z`*.

***

> ## Data Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data collection
```

### Riverbed Flow Gateways side

To send syslog data from Riverbed to a remote server follow the instructions below:

1. At the realm level, select **Logging** tab.

> 2. Under Remote Logging, click **On**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Remote Logging**, click **On**.
```

3. Click **Add Remote Log Server**.

> 4. Select the protocol used to transfer the log to the syslog server: TCP, UDP, or TLS (Transport Layer Security version 2.12). The default setting is UDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the protocol to transfer the log to the syslog server: UDP (default), TCP, or TLS (Transport Layer Security version 2.12).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     * When you select TLS as the transport method, you must copy a certificate for the remote log server in the remote log server certificate field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you select TLS as the transport method, you must copy a certificate for the remote log server into the remote log server certificate field.
```

5. Click **Enable**.
6. Specify the remote syslog server’s **IPv4 address** or **hostname**. The remote server must be running the standard syslogd utility.

> 7. Specify the syslog server **port number** on which to send syslog messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Enter the syslog server **port number** for sending syslog messages.
```
